What are you doing?
Senior sister remote control
They want to detonate the explosives in the city lord's mansion
Ah!
Ahhh
Who are you?
Senior sister, he is the head of the assassination department
And it is Cao Lin's old department
I've got their correspondence just now
What a big fish!
Zhanwang Chen
Liu Qingshan and I are clearing that for you.
A spy who has betrayed
I'm a spy
The letter is his
This kid is guilty of his rights
Iron as a mountain
Zhanwang Chen killed him
Dare to say that my mother's people are spies, dare not
How could King Chen's subordinates be spies?
Chen Zhengwang
The flood washed away the Longwang Temple
We are also for the sake of Jin Hai
For the sake of Jinhai
What a big name
It's just that my people can't afford this crime
Oh, the crocodile.
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
How can it be your own? Hahaha.
If I speak too soon
You hide.
Otherwise, you can always harm Jinhai for Cao Lin
I see
Liao Fan
You turned out to be sent by King Chen Zhang to protect me
King Chen, forgive me.
We and this Cao Lin
It really doesn't matter at all.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
both of us
It's just a tool for Cao Lin to make money
No, not even cadres
Zhanwang Chen
Please spare us both, okay?
We don't know anything about these things.
Okay, stop pretending
human disease
Chen Zhanwang is not blind either
Again
You just admitted your identity arrogantly
Where did this momentum go?
I can also testify to Chen Zhanwang
They both admitted that they were Cao Lin's miserable party
It is indeed a letter to contact Cao Lin
Now what else do you have to say?